Add WSGI training (#436)
plone/training: wsgi/bjoern.rst

Bjoern

> ======

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Bjoern``
==========
```

> `bjoern <https://github.com/jonashaag/bjoern>`_ is a fast And ultra-lightweight HTTP/1.1 WSGI Server for CPython2 and 3 written in C.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`bjoern <https://github.com/jonashaag/bjoern>`_ is an HTTP/1.1 WSGI Server for CPython2 and 3 written in C.
```

It claims to be the fastest, smallest and most lightweight WSGI server.
Features:

* ~ 1000 lines of C code
* Memory footprint ~ 600KB
* supports Python 2 and 3
* Single-threaded
* supports TCP `host:port` addresses and Unix sockets
* Full persistent connection ("*keep-alive*") support in both HTTP/1.0 and 1.1,

>   including support for HTTP/1.1 chunked responses

Reviewer: Remove marketing information of bjoern, and let the link to the repo suffice. This information can get out of date and adds a maintenance burden.

.. note::

>     In a load test involving `bjoern`, `cheroot`, `gunicorn`, `waitress` and `werkzeug` ``bjoern`` (version: 3.0.0) was the clear speed winner against both a ZEO and a non-ZEO Zope instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    In a load test involving ``bjoern``, ``cheroot``, ``gunicorn``, ``waitress`` and ``werkzeug``, ``bjoern`` (version: 3.0.0) was the clear speed winner against both a ZEO and a non-ZEO Zope instance.
```

>     Source: Zope/docs/wsgi.rst:

Reviewer: Link to reference is missing. Please add.

Prerequisites
-------------

> Bjoern uses libev and you will need to install both the library and the development header files on your box:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``Bjoern`` uses ``libev``, and you will need to install both the library and the development header files on your box:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ sudo apt install libev-dev

Use bjoern in our buildout

> --------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use ``bjoern`` in our buildout
------------------------------
```

.. sidebar:: Build now

    Run buildout for this section:

    ..  code-block:: bash

        buildout -c bjoern.cfg

`bjoern <https://github.com/jonashaag/bjoern>`_ can be integrated using a shim package called `dataflake.wsgi.bjoern <https://dataflakewsgibjoern.readthedocs.io/>`_.

> You can use this package together with `plone.recipe.zope2instance` to build a bjoern based wSGI setup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this package together with ``plone.recipe.zope2instance`` to build a ``bjoern`` based WSGI setup:
```

.. code-block:: ini

    [instance]
    recipe = plone.recipe.zope2instance
    user = admin:admin
    zeo-client = on
    zeo-address = 8100
    shared-blob = on
    blob-storage = ${buildout:directory}/var/blobstorage
    eggs =
        Plone
        Pillow
        wsgitraining.site
        dataflake.wsgi.bjoern
    wsgi-ini-template = ${buildout:directory}/templates/bjoern.ini.in

> In addition to adding `dataflake.wsgi.bjoern` to the `eggs` list we specify the location of our `bjoern.ini` configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to adding ``dataflake.wsgi.bjoern`` to the ``eggs`` list, we specify the location of our ``bjoern.ini`` configuration file.
```

It is important to note that this file is not automatically created for us, we have to provide it ourself.

> In addition to the PasteDeploy entry point and the p.r.zope2instance integration, `dataflake.wsgi.bjoern`  provides facilities to create a set of Zope configuration files for bjoern with the included `mkbjoerninstance` utility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the PasteDeploy entry point and the ``p.r.zope2instance`` integration, ``dataflake.wsgi.bjoern``  provides facilities to create a set of Zope configuration files for ``bjoern`` with the included ``mkbjoerninstance`` utility.
```

> We will however not use this option since it is easier for us to provide a custom template for the `wsgi.ini` file to `plone.recipe.zope2instance`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will however not use this option since it is easier for us to provide a custom template for the ``wsgi.ini`` file to ``plone.recipe.zope2instance``.
```

Author: Thank you - done in https://github.com/plone/training/pull/436/commits/b4db67ecee1b8a6044d836ed88f1097a022a6739.
